Needless to say, you were too impulsive just now.
What about those legitimate births that cost 30,000 yuan?
Did you know that symbiosis will not last long?
Three, five, five, five
You should have told me earlier that you were from Guanshan
I gave it to you a long time ago
You don’t have to say you’re angry today
I know you are thinking of me to vent your anger
But we are already married
The water is a bit slippery
You have to be patient when you should be patient
Why will we have more places to spend money in the future?
This girl is not only kind
Time is so expensive
If a person is angry, this child will die.
I haven’t gotten it yet at home.
Wait until you get it
There are other uses
I don't think I can spend any money on how to help me get a ride.
Hand in hand
Aren’t you the daughter of the Tang family?
What do you think of your money-spending mother?
You just need to pick up someone
The flame inside Yaya’s house
I'll give you three hundred thousand like this
You give me my money
Give it to your mother
can you
I'll give you that Mr. Yu
Your private flight to talk tomorrow
But no one tells lies
Just go back and make up for it now
This person you see
There should be nothing to lose, so keep checking.
By the way, Mr. Li
The girl who saved you
Now that you know who she is
Then there is no need to appear
I'm going to prepare to divide the ranger. It's hard to thank her, my daughter.
you know me
you don't know me
my benefactor
If you want to thank me, I will do it myself.